Added favicon and organized folder structures (#18)
sbimochan/zoom-mirror: README.md

<img src = "https://i.imgur.com/EKgdUZY.png" width = "700">

# Zoom mirror

> Be confident before you set you video-cam ON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be confident before you set your web-camera ON.
```

> # What it does

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What it does not
```
